Add kube2pulumi demo page (#3923)
pulumi/docs: content/topics/kube2pulumi.md

<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/prism/1.20.0/themes/prism.min.css" />
<!-- JS for dynamically creating and downloading source as zips. -->
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/jszip/3.5.0/jszip.min.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/FileSaver.js/2.0.2/FileSaver.min.js"></script>

<div class="w-full mx-auto md:flex">

<div class="md:w-1/2 md:mr-2">

<h3 class="text-gray-700 text-center">Enter your Kubernetes YAML</h3>
<div class="text-gray-500 text-center m-1 -mb-2 text-xs">
    (Don't worry, we send it over SSL and don't store it on our servers.)
</div>

{{< chooser input-kind "code,url,upload" >}}

{{% choosable input-kind "code" %}}

<p class="m-0 -mt-4 p-2 bg-purple-300 text-white font-bold font-mono font-xs"
    style="font-size: 0.75rem !important; color: #fff !important">kube.yaml</p>
<textarea id="terraform-code" rows="27"
    class="w-full px-6 py-4 text-gray-700 text-sm font-mono overflow-y-scroll overflow-x-hidden whitespace-pre"

>     title="Enter a single-file HCL program's text; see the 'UPLOAD' tab for multi-file programs">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    title="Enter a single-file YAML manifest's text; see the 'UPLOAD' tab for multi-file programs">
```

    switch (tfIk) {
    case "url":
        if (tfUrl === "") {
            $("#pulumi-errors").text("Error: Please enter a URL for the code to convert above, and then try again");
            $("#pulumi-errors").show();
            return;
        }
        break;
    case "upload":
        if (!tfUploadFiles || !tfUploadFiles.length) {
            $("#pulumi-errors").text("Error: Please choose code files to upload above, and then try again");
            $("#pulumi-errors").show();
            return;
        }
        break;
    default: // "code"
        if (tfCode === "") {
            $("#pulumi-errors").text("Error: Please enter the code to convert above, and then try again");
            $("#pulumi-errors").show();
            return;
        }
        break;
    }

    // Add some "waiting" touches.
    $(document.body).css({ "cursor": "wait" });
    $("#terraform-code, #terraform-url").css({ "cursor": "wait" });
    $("pulumi-chooser[type='language'] > ul > li > a").css({ "cursor": "wait" });
    addLanguageFile(languageTextbox, "…", "…");

    // Post to the endpoint and then, afterwards, add the result to the textbox.
    let post = {

>         url: "https://k3wz4qdpci.execute-api.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/stage/convertKube",

Author: I will update this URL before merging once we get https://github.com/pulumi/home/pull/1042 deployed.
